CLI-3356: Add example for Freight Kafka cluster (#769)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_access_point.md

```

!> **Warning:** Do not forget to delete terminal command history afterwards for security purposes.

## Getting Started

> The following end-to-end examples might help to get started with `confluent_gateway` resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following end-to-end examples might help to get started with `confluent_access_point` resource:
```

Author: That's a great catch, applied the fix 👌
